Programming Language :- Python
Web Framework :- Flask
scraping library :- requests, BeautifulSoup
handling excel library:- openpyxl, pandas, xlsxwriter


Problem 1:​ Take search name as input and generate the output file
        You should generate the txt/excel file containing the product name with the link, source (Flipkart/Amazon),
        price, product details [like model no, delivery time], category of product, etc (you can pick important
        details bonus points for creativity).

Solution :- Basicsally user take the product name as a input. Based on that input my code
        return best deal product as a excel format.
    

Problem 2: ​ Take arguments input and search product on the basis of these filters
            a. Number of products ​ (default is 10 and max is 50)
            b. Sort by ​ Price low to high, high to low, relevance/featured, new arrivals (default is
            relevance/featured)
            c. Price range​ (default is no limit)
            d. Delivery Pincode​ (default should be 400072).
        
Solution :- user can also take the no of products, sort products, price range​ as a input to
            get a better deal.


Problem 3: ​ The browser scrapping behavior should be as close to user behavior as possible (you need
        to be creative on this how you will implement it) [it should be like the user is searching for products on
        Amazon/flipkart].

Solution :- Basicsally we use python requests library for that scraping hide from user.

Problem 4:​ Need to generate another sheet that gives the lowest rate of the product of that particular
        model across Amazon/Flipkart.

Solution :- In my code fetch the data from Amazon/flipkart sites and compare all the products
        remove duplicate products and sort the products price wise and finally that products data
        write into excel sheet.

Problem 5: ​ [Bonus] Flipkart and Amazon have protection against web-crawling which blocks your IP
        address if they detect any incorrect usage, you will have to implement a logic to ensure your system
        isnever blacklisted.

Solution :- Some times not get proper data from Amazon/Flipkart sites. In my code i make a logic
        if the note get proper data from Amazon/flipkart sites wait 5 second and again request for
        response for that flipkart and Amazon algoritham not detect and they never get blacklist us.


Problem 6: ​ [Bonus] Can we add unit test cases for providing the lowest rate of the product?

Solution :- Yes.In my code generate the excel based on user input in sheet1 present all the products
            and in sheet2 we write sorted and remove duplicate products data.




